Release 0.50.1 (#856)
DataDog/datadogpy: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.50.1 / 2024-09-18

> * [Added] enable the ability for buffering and aggregation to work at the same. See [#851](https://github.com/DataDog/datadogpy/pull/851).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Added] Add the ability for buffering and aggregation to work at the same time. See [#851](https://github.com/DataDog/datadogpy/pull/851).
```
